Developer docs for SDK X Unreal 10.3.0 (#118)
helpshift/helpshift-docs: docs/sdkx-unreal/delegates.mdx

</Centered>

<Admonition type="info" title="Note">

> Events invoked before binding `BindEventDelegate` cannot be received agian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events invoked before binding `BindEventDelegate` cannot be received again.
```

  | HelpshiftEventDataPublishID | publishId | FString | Conversation ID of the ongoing issue |
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageType | type | FString | Message Type of the message |
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageBody | body | FString | The actual message sent by the agent or empty |
  | HelpshiftEventDataCreatedTime | createdTs | int32 | Unix epoch timestamp in ms |
  | HelpshiftEventDataAttachments | attachments | Map<FString, Object>> | Attachments, if they are present |
  | HelpshiftEventDataURL | url | FString | URL of the attachment |
  | HelpshiftEventDataContentType | contentType | FString | MIME type of the attachment |
  | HelpshiftEventDataFileName | fileName | FString | File name of the attachment |
  | HelpshiftEventDataSize | size | int32 | Size of the attachment in bytes |
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageTypeAppReviewRequest | app_review_request | FString | Message type when agent request for App Review |
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageTypeScreenshotRequest | screenshot_request | FString | Message type when agent request screen shot |
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageTypeText | type | FString | Message type of text|
 
<Admonition type="info" title="Note"> 

> - For Android , this delegate is available from 10.3.0 and above versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This delegate is available from 10.3.0 onwards.
```

Author: This delegate is OTA for iOS but requires native changes that is 10.3.0 for android

  - `HelpshiftEventDataMessageType` - `HelpshiftEventDataMessageTypeAttachment` or `HelpshiftEventDataMessageTypeText`
  - `HelpshiftEventDataMessageBody (string)`

### Agent Message Received Event {#agent-message-received}

This event is triggered when the user receives any message from an agent in a conversation. This delegate is not triggered for bot messages or messages sent via automations.

- Event name : `HelpshiftEventAgentMessageReceived`
- Event data:

  | Key                 | Key ( Raw ) | Type   | Value |
  |-------------------------------|--------|--------|--------- |

>   | HelpshiftEventDataPublishID | publishId | String | Conversation ID of the ongoing issue |

Reviewer 2: This should be FString
```suggestion
  | HelpshiftEventDataPublishID | publishId | FString | Conversation ID of the ongoing issue |
```

>   | HelpshiftEventDataMessageType | type | String | Message Type of the message |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageType | type | FString | Message Type of the message |
```

>   | HelpshiftEventDataMessageBody | body | String | The actual message sent by the agent or empty |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  | HelpshiftEventDataMessageBody | body | FString | The actual message sent by the agent or empty |
```

  | HelpshiftEventDataCreatedTime | createdTs | Long | Unix epoch timestamp in ms |
  | HelpshiftEventDataAttachments | attachments | Map<String, Object>> | Attachments, if they are present |
  | HelpshiftEventDataURL | url | String | URL of the attachment |
  | HelpshiftEventDataContentType | contentType | String | MIME type of the attachment |

>   | HelpshiftEventDataFileName | fileName | String | File name of the attachment |

Reviewer 2: Same for above three lines
